docs(api): clean up tc language (#4522)
Opentrons/opentrons: api/docs/v2/new_modules.rst

There are two heating mechanisms in the Thermocycler Module. One is the block in which samples are located; the other is the lid heating pad.

> The block can control its temperature between 4°C and 99°C to the nearest 1°C.

Reviewer: we've been putting the space between the number and the unit elsewhere, let's keep it this way (and fix line 244)

If you set a ``temperature`` and a ``hold_time``, the Thermocycler Module will hold the temperature for the specified amount of time. Time can be passed in as minutes or seconds.

> With a hold time, it is important to also include the `block_max_volume` parameter. This is to ensure that the sample reaches the target temperature before the hold time counts down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a hold time, it is important to also include the ``block_max_volume`` parameter. This is to ensure that the sample reaches the target temperature before the hold time counts down.
```

single backticks is italics for some reason, need the double backticks for <pre>

> In the example below, the Thermocycler Module will hold the 50µl samples at the specified temperature for 45 minutes and 15 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, the Thermocycler Module will hold the 50 µl samples at the specified temperature for 45 minutes and 15 seconds.
```
